Add GTM tracking instructions (#23)
snowplow/advanced-analytics-web-accelerator: content/tracking/tracking_1.md

  })
}
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="GTM" %}}
❗❗**NOTE: A Google Tag Manager Account is required for this pathway**

#### **Step 1:** Create container
Create a web container for your site.
![Create container](../images/create_container.png?classes=shadow)

#### **Step 2:** Add Tags to site

> Install Google Tag Manager on your site by following the [installation guide](https://tagmanager.google.com/) as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Google Tag Manager on your site by following the [installation guide](https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/6103696?hl=en#install) in the Install Tag Manager Box.

Tip: Near the top of the window, find your container ID, formatted as "GTM-XXXXXX". Click your container ID to launch the Install Tag Manager box.
```

![Install GTM](../images/google_tag.png)

#### **Step 3:** Add New Template Variable
Go to `Templates` and click `Search Gallery` under `Variable Templates`.
![Variable Template](../images/add_variable_template.png?classes=shadow)

Search `Snowplow V3 Settings` in the search bar.
![Variable Search](../images/variable_search.png?classes=shadow)

Add the template to your workspace.
![Add to workspace](../images/template_to_workspace.png?classes=shadow)

Navigate to Variables, and edit the `Snowplow v3 Settings`

> ![Template Variables](../images/user_defined_variables.png?classes=shadow)

Reviewer: I don't think you'll just have an existing one after you've added the template to your workspace. You'll need to make a new one rather than editing an existing one.

Author: Good point, I've changed the screenshot so that it's clearer.

  })
}
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="GTM" %}}

> ❗❗**NOTE: A Google Tag Manager Account is required for this pathway**

Reviewer: Can we use the notice shortcodes instead of these double exclamation marks across this accelerator? 

https://learn.netlify.app/en/shortcodes/notice/

We've got one on the streamlit page so I guess they will work everywhere else? If so, can we update all the pages with warning notes like this one to use the shortcodes?

Author: At the moment tabs don't support nested shortcodes which is why we settled on the double exclamation marks. Shall I spend some time trying to make this possible?

Author: Doesn't seem like a quick fix so I'll get this closed off first and take a look.
